feat: DH-19683: multi-select combo box component in deephaven.ui (#1349)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/components/combo_box.md

## Selection

Use `selected_keys` or `default_selected_keys` to set the selected option(s).

`default_selected_keys` is useful for simpler scenarios where you don't need to control the state externally. `selected_keys` is used for scenarios where the state should be managed by the parent component, providing control and flexibility over the selection of the combo box.

> <!-- prettier-ignore -->

Reviewer: not sure why we need the prettier ignore here? is formatting messing with the note?

Author: Yes. It keeps collapsing any `> [!NOTE]` into one line on save.

## How to create a multi-select component

> It's recommended to use [`multi_select`](multi_select.md) for `multi-select` use cases, but if you want the `combo_box` separate from the tags you can also use a `tag_group` to show selected items, and use the `on_input_change` and `on_change` events to manage the state between them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended to use [`multi_select`](multi_select.md) for `multi-select` use cases, but if you want the `combo_box` separate from the tags, you can also use a `tag_group` to show selected items, and use the `on_input_change` and `on_change` events to manage the state between them.
```
